#Explains chart data and datasets.

== Single Dataset ==
A single dataset can be contained in either an int[] or a float[]. You set a chart's data set using the Chart.SetData() method.

For example:
{{{
using GoogleChartSharp;

/*
Create a single integer dataset
*/
int[] intData = new int[] {0, 10, 20, 30, 40};

/*
Create a single float dataset
*/
float[] floatData = new float[] {0.0, 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, 2.0};

/* 
Create a new line chart with width 150 and height 150.
*/
LineChart lineChart = new LineChart(150, 150);

/*
Set the chart to use the integer dataset
*/
lineChart.SetData(intData);
string url = lineChart.GetUrl();

/*
Set the chart to use the float dataset
*/
lineChart.SetData(floatData);
string otherUrl = lineChart.GetUrl();
}}}

=== Multiple Datasets ===
A chart can also use multiple datasets. The datasets (of type int[] or float[]) must be contained in a data structure that implements the ICollection interface. 
{{{
using GoogleChartSharp;

/*
This pair of datasets describes a line. The first set is the X axis coordinated and the second set is the Y axis coordinates.
*/
int[] xCoords = new int[] {0, 10, 20, 30, 40};
int[] yCoords = new int[] {0, 10, 20, 30, 40};

/*
Add the pair of datasets to the collection. To draw multiple lines on the chart add additional dataset pairs to the collection.
*/
List<int[]> datasets = new List<int[]>();
line1.Add(xCoords);
line1.Add(yCoords);

/*
Note that we have to specify a MultiDataSet line chart type.
*/
LineChart lineChart = new LineChart(150, 150, LineChartType.MultiDataSet);
lineChart.SetData(datasets);
string url = lineChart.GetUrl();
}}}